Document Object:
                 a document is an object that gives access to and manipulates the currently loaded HTML document. It is a part of the window global object, which represents the window of the current web page.

Syntax:
 document.property_name;

Few properties and methods of document objects are,

activeElement: It returns the currently active elements in the document.
body: It returns the contents of the body element.

Methods of Document

Syntax:
document.method_name;

addEventListener(): It is used to attach an event handler to the specified element.
adoptNode(): It is used to adopt a node from another document and it returns a node object, representing the adopted node.

Window Object:
       The window object is the topmost object of the DOM hierarchy. It represents a browser window or frame that displays the contents of the webpage. Whenever a window appears on the screen to display the contents of the document, the window object is created. 

Syntax:
window.property_name;


Properties of the window:

Closed: It holds a Boolean value that represents whether the window is closed or not.
console: It returns a reference to the console object which provides access to the browser’s debugging console.

Methods of Window:

alert(): It is used to display an alert box. It displays a specified message along with an OK button and is generally used to make sure that the information comes through the user.
atob(): It is used for decoding a base-64 encoded string. It is used to decode a string of data that has been encoded using the btoa() method.

Difference between document and window Object:

document:
It represents any HTML document or web page that is loaded in the browser.
It is loaded inside the window.
It is the object of window property.

window Object:
it represents a browser window or frame that displays the contents of the webpage. 
It is the very first object that is loaded in the browser.
It is the object of the browser.  




